Improve the enduser setup experience by triggering captive portal detection. (#3282)
nodemcu/nodemcu-firmware: docs/modules/enduser-setup.md

*Note: Calling start() while EUS is already running is an error, and will result in stop() to be invoked to shut down EUS.*

#### Syntax
`enduser_setup.start([AP_SSID,] [onConnected()], [onError(err_num, string)], [onDebug(string)])`

#### Parameters

>  - `AP_SSID` the (optional) SSID to use for the AP. This defaults to the ENDUSER_SETUP_AP_SSID plus the device id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `AP_SSID` the (optional) SSID to use for the AP. This defaults to `SetupGadget_<device id>`.
```
